.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.TH BACULA\-SMTP 1 "26 May 2006" "Kern Sibbald" "Network backup"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.SH NAME
 bsmtp \- Bacula's SMTP (mail delivery program)
.SH DESCRIPTION
bsmtp is a simple mail transport program that permits more flexibility
than the standard mail programs typically found on Unix systems. It can even
be used on Windows machines. 

It is called: 

Usage: bsmtp [-f from] [-h mailhost] [-s subject] [-c copy] [recipient ...]
       -c          set the Cc: field
       -dnn        set debug level to nn
       -f          set the From: field
       -h          use mailhost:port as the bsmtp server
       -s          set the Subject: field
       -?          print this message.

If the  -f option is not specified, bsmtp will use your userid. If
the option is not specified bsmtp will use the value in the environment
variable bsmtpSERVER or if there is none localhost. By default
port 25 is used. 

recipients is a space separated list of email recipients. 

The body of the email message is read from standard input. 

An example of the use of bsmtp would be to put the following statement
in the Messages resource of your bacula-dir.conf file. Note, these
commands should appear on a single line each. 

  mailcommand = "/home/bacula/bin/bsmtp -h mail.domain.com -f \"\(Bacula\) %r\"
                 -s \"Bacula: %t %e of %c %l\" %r"
  operatorcommand = "/home/bacula/bin/bsmtp -h mail.domain.com -f \"\(Bacula\) %r\"
                    -s \"Bacula: Intervention needed for %j\" %r"

Where you replace home/bacula/bin with the path to your Bacula
binary directory, and you replace mail.domain.com with the fully
qualified name of your bsmtp (email) server, which normally listens on port

It is HIGHLY recommended that you test one or two cases by hand to make sure
that the mailhost that you specified is correct and that it will accept
your email requests. Since bsmtp always uses a TCP connection rather
than writing in the spool file, you may find that your from address is
being rejected because it does not contain a valid domain, or because your
message is caught in your spam filtering rules. Generally, you should specify
a fully qualified domain name in the from field, and depending on
whether your bsmtp gateway is Exim or Sendmail, you may need to modify the
syntax of the from part of the message. Please test. 

When running bsmtp by hand, you will need to terminate the message by
entering a ctl-d in column 1 of the last line. 

If you are getting incorrect dates (e.g. 1970) and you are
running with a non-English language setting, you might try adding
a LANG="en_US" immediately before the bsmtp call.
.br
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Jose Luis Tallon
.nh 
<jltallon@adv\-solutions.net>.
