.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH BSCAN 8 "Oct 24, 2003" "Kern Sibbald&John Walker" "Network backup, recovery and verification"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.SH NAME
 bscan \- Bacula's 'Scan tape'
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bscan
.RI [ options ]
.I bacula-archive
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B bscan
command.
This manual page was written for the Debian distribution
because the original program does not have a manual page.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-?
Show version and usage of program.
.TP
.BI \-b\  bootstrap
Specify a bootstrap file.
.TP
.BI \-c\  config
Specify configuration file.
.TP
.BI \-d\  nn
Set debug level to \fInn\fP.
.TP
.B \-m
Update media info in database.
.TP
.BI \-n\  name
Specify the database name (default: \fIbacula\fP)
.TP
.BI \-u\  username
Specify database username (default: \fIbacula\fP)
.TP
.BI \-p\  password
Specify database password (default: \fInone\fP)
.TP
.BI \-h\  host
Specify database host (default: \fINULL\fP)
.TP
.B \-r
List records.
.TP
.B \-s
Synchronize or store in Database.
.TP
.B \-v
Verbose output mode.
.TP
.BI \-V\  volume
Specify volume names (separated by '|')
.TP
.BI \-w\  dir
Specify working directory (default from conf file)
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bls (8),
.BR bextract (8).
.br
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Jose Luis Tallon
.nh 
<jltallon@adv\-solutions.net>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
 
